Replace outdated macOS build steps with the install script (#7853)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/building-setup-mac.rst

Setting up the Build Environment (MacOSX)
=========================================

This article shows how to set up the build environment on macOS.

..  youtube:: wLK2wLwEXm4
    :width: 100%

The recommended way to install the prerequisites is the environment install
script. It is kept up to date with the current toolchain and Python
requirements, so it is less likely to drift than a manual list of steps. From
your ``ardupilot`` directory, run:

::

>     ./Tools/environment_install/install-prereqs-mac.sh -y

Reviewer: Perhaps worth mentioning that leaving off the `-y` argument allows more intentionally approving or declining each step of the process? `-y` is a nice convenience, but not using it provides a trust level between blind trust and manually reading and copying lines from the script.

Personally I'd prefer to let `uv` manage my Python versions and library installs, so I imagine others with similar inclinations may wish to avoid installing `pyenv` and a separate Python version without necessarily being aware of it. The script implementation details seem out of scope here - just mentioning as an example of why `-y` may not always be desirable.

The script installs the Xcode command line tools, Homebrew, the ARM toolchain,
and the Python packages ArduPilot needs. If you would rather set things up by
hand, read the script and run the steps it performs.

.. note::

    Do not run the script with ``sudo``, and avoid ``sudo`` for Python or pip
    packages in general. Install Python packages into a virtual environment

>     (``python3 -m venv``) rather than system-wide. Homebrew will prompt for your

Reviewer: I find it unclear whether this is either
1. suggesting the prereqs script will automatically install things into a virtual environment
    - This does not seem to currently be the case, from a quick read of [the script](https://github.com/ArduPilot/ardupilot/blob/master/Tools/environment_install/install-prereqs-mac.sh)
2. recommending users should create and activate a virtual environment before running the prereqs script
    - If so, there should be clearer instructions on how to do so (e.g. `python3 -m venv .venv` followed by `source .venv/bin/activate`), and how to get out of it (i.e. `deactivate`)

Setting up the Build Environment (MacOSX)
=========================================

This article shows how to set up the build environment on macOS.

..  youtube:: wLK2wLwEXm4
    :width: 100%

The recommended way to install the prerequisites is the environment install
script. It is kept up to date with the current toolchain and Python
requirements, so it is less likely to drift than a manual list of steps. From
your ``ardupilot`` directory, run:

::

    ./Tools/environment_install/install-prereqs-mac.sh -y

The script installs the Xcode command line tools, Homebrew, the ARM toolchain,

> and the Python packages ArduPilot needs. If you would rather set things up by
> hand, read the script and run the steps it performs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the Python version and packages ArduPilot needs. If you would rather set things up manually you can run without the ``-y`` flag (to be prompted for confirmation throughout), or read the script and run the steps by hand.
```
